Updated security guidelines (#2886)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.0/coding-standards/technical-guidelines.md

15.2.3. Implement weak-password checks, such as testing new or changed passwords against a list of the [top 10000 worst passwords](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/tree/master/Passwords).

15.2.4. Align password length, complexity, and rotation policies with [NIST 800-63 B's guidelines in section 5.1.1 for Memorized Secrets](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63b.html#memsecret) or other modern, evidence-based password policies.

15.2.5. Ensure registration, credential recovery, and API pathways are hardened against account enumeration attacks by using the same messages for all outcomes.

15.2.6. Limit or increasingly delay failed login attempts. Log all failures and alert administrators when credential stuffing, brute force, or other attacks are detected.

15.2.7. Use a server-side, secure, built-in session manager that generates a new random session ID with high entropy after login. Session IDs should not be in the URL, be securely stored and invalidated after logout, idle, and absolute timeouts.

15.3. Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) protection.

15.3.1. Sanitize input; escape output.

> 15.3.2. Follow [templates XSS security guidelines](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/frontend-dev-guide/templates/template-security.html) for escaping output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15.3.2. Follow [templates XSS security guidelines]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/templates/template-security.html) for escaping output.
```

15.3.3. Incoming data should be casted to the expected type. String data should be validated/sanitized.

15.3.4. Incoming string data length should be checked.

15.3.5. Special characters, like null byte characters, should be dropped from Incoming string data.

15.4. A module that introduces Admin Panel functionality should have ACL.

15.5. Misconfiguration protection.

15.5.1. Do not include/require unused libraries/frameworks.

15.5.2. A segmented application architecture that provides effective, secure separation between components or tenants, with segmentation, containerization, or cloud security groups (ACLs).

15.5.3. Sending security directives to clients, e.g. [Security Headers](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Secure_Headers_Project).

15.6. Sensitive Data Exposure protection.

15.6.1. Exceptions/Notices/Warnings should be caught and logged.

> 15.6.2. No error output should be displayed to user, some standard message should appear instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15.6.2. Error output should not be displayed to the user. Display standard messages to inform the user.
```

15.6.3. Logs should not be excessive, e.g. PDO exception contains MySQL credentials that should not be logged.

15.7. Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) protection.

15.7.1. CSRF tokens mechanism should be utilized.

15.7.2. All data manipulation requests should be made with POST requests.

> 15.8. Frequently update the third-party libraries used in the project/component to eliminate known vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15.8. Frequently update third-party libraries used in the project/component to eliminate known vulnerabilities.
```

15.9.1. User-submitted requests containing path and file name SHOULD NOT be trusted.

15.9.2. User-submitted path and file values SHOULD be sanitized to remove dot-dot-slash from the request.

15.10. Remote Code Execution (RCE) protection.

15.10.1. `eval()`, `passthru()`, `system()`, `shell_exec()`, `serialize()`, `unserialize()`, `md5()`, `srand()`, `mt_srand()` SHOULD NOT be used.

15.10.2. User-submitted values SHOULD NOT be passed directly to `include*()`, `require*()`, `create_function()`, `fopen()`, `preg_replace()`.

15.10.3. Variable functions SHOULD NOT be used if the variable values are submitted by the user.

> 15.11. Security capabilities SHOULD be implemented either on the Magento Framework level or in a dedicated module(s) and utilized by entire application in a centralize manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15.11. Security capabilities SHOULD be implemented either on the Magento Framework level or in a dedicated module(s) and utilized by the entire application in a centralize manner.
```

> 15.12. Files MUST be secured by a web server configuration (e.g., `.htaccess` or `nginx.conf`) except files that are intended to be publicly accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15.12. Files MUST be secured by a web server configuration (e.g., `.htaccess` or `nginx.conf`), except files that are intended to be publicly accessible.
```
